This is an online store created using TDD with RSpec and Capybara.

Base Expectations

You are to build an online store which offers both administrator and consumer interfaces.

Unauthenticated Users

As an unauthenticated user, I can:

Browse all products
Browse products by category
Add a product to my cart
View my cart
Remove a product from my cart
Increase the quantity of a product in my cart
Log in, which should not clear the cart
Unauthenticated users are NOT allowed to:

View another user’s private data (such as current shopping cart, etc.)
Checkout (until they log in)
View the administrator screens or use administrator functionality
Make themselves an administrator
Authenticated Non-Administrators

Allowed To:

do everything Unauthenticated Users can do except "log in"
log out
view their past orders with links to display each order
on that order display page there are:
products with quantity ordered and line-item subtotals
links to each product page
the current status
order total price
date/time order was submitted
if shipped or cancelled, display a timestamp when that action took place
if any product is retired:
they can still access the product page
they cannot add it to a new cart
Place a "Two-Click" order from any active product page. The first click asks "Place an order for ‘X’?" and if you then click "OK", the order is completed. Handle this in JavaScript or plain HTML at your discretion.
NOT allowed to:

view another user’s private data (such as current shopping cart, etc.)
view the administrator screens or use administrator functionality
make themselves an administrator
Administrators

As an authenticated Administrator, I can:

Create product listings including a title, description, price, and a photo
Modify existing products title, description, price, and photo
Create named categories for products
Assign products to categories or remove them from categories. Products can belong to more than one category.
Retire a product from being sold, which hides it from browsing by any non-administrator
As an Administrator, I can also view an order "dashboard" where I can:

See a listing of all orders with:
the total number of orders by status
links for each individual order
filter orders to display by status type (for statuses "pending", "cancelled", "paid", "shipped", "returned")
link to transition to a different status:
link to "cancel" individual orders which are currently "pending"
link to "mark as returned" individual orders which are currently "shipped"
link to "mark as shipped" individual orders which are currently "paid"
Access details of an individual order, including:
Order date and time
Purchaser full name and email address
For each product on the order
Name with link to product page
Quantity
Price
Line item subtotal
Total for the order
Status of the order
Update an individual order
View and edit orders; may change quantity or remove products from orders with the status of pending or paid
Change the status of an order according to the rules as outlined above
NOT allowed to:

Modify any personal data aside from their own
Data Validity

There are several types of entities in the system, each with requirements about what makes for a valid record. These restrictions are summarized below.

Any attempt to create/modify a record with invalid attributes should return the user to the input form with a validation error indicating the problem along with suggestions how to fix it.

Product

A product must have a title, description, and price.
The title and description cannot be empty strings.
The title must be unique for all products in the system
The price must be a valid decimal numeric value and greater than zero
The photo is optional. If present it must be a valid URL format.
User

A user must have a valid email address that is unique across all users
A user must have a full name that is not blank
A user may optionally provide a display name that must be no less than 2 characters long and no more than 32
Order

An order must belong to a user
An order must be for one or more of one or more products currently being sold